soe makes Sam boxes their future Dead
Island epidemic prepares for closed beta
everquest landmark gets a developmental
roadmap path of Exile introduces a mini
expansion and more on this week's
episode of free to play weekly SOE CEO
John Smedley zny blog has a lot to say
about the future of MMOs he feels the
games are leaving out very crucial
player dependent elements one of those
elements is the effective player
creation and the freedom of sandbox MMOs
something that goes hand in hand with
SOS latest decision to make sandbox MMOs
their new priority within the genre my
belief is simple smelly wrote on his
blog the content driven model is not
where we should be aiming as an industry
why it's unsustainable smelly went on to
elaborate how SOE will be taking the
idea of a sandbox and putting it at the
core of everything the studio develops
going forward smedley wants to see those
whom he has been making the games for
play a bigger role in the developments
direction ultimately giving players more
freedom of expression including
planetside 2 and the new EverQuest
series SOE now has three next-gen
sandbox MMOs with a fourth unannounced
but confirmed sandbox MMO in development
EverQuest next landmark will soon be
seeing some new features added in a
series of upcoming development phases
during the games continued alpha period
the first phase will focus on building
community as the initial improvements
will be made to play our communication
and support for cooperative building SOE
is also devising a fast travel system
for quickly getting to key areas such as
your claim the hub or even to a friend
to check out what they are working on
the idea is that by keeping
teleportation between players
communities can more easily be built
without sacrificing the element of
exploration the second phase introduces
a number of PvE elements while also
still adding more emphasis on community
with the addition of gills and a
blueprint auction house referred to as
the players studio once player health is
introduced players will be forced to
take how they wander a little more
seriously as dying will come with some
untold disadvantages
as silly hopes these features on top of
basic combat treasure chests and
achievements will promote the growth of
eql and its community in the right
direction SOE plans to introduce the
majority of the content announced
throughout the month of March with more
content to come after deep silver is
raising the dead in their soon to come
MOBA Dead Island epidemic this fast
paced zombie-themed addition to the Dead
Island saga has begun signups for its
closed beta phase as a Parkin dead
islands brand manager so the team
received outstanding feedback from our
alpha testers and are looking very much
forward to many new players who will
join us and help us to make Dead Island
epidemic the best possible zomba
experience Dead Island epidemic will
combine both the worlds of zombie
preparation and battle arena strategy
having players struggle for the control
of supply stations using their own
crafted weapons and unique abilities as
well as team-based tactics area games
free to play anime MMORPG aura Kingdom
saw some upgrades last leaf with a new
content pack the patch was added on
February eleventh and has since been
giving eager fans some new challenges
classes and even more stomping grounds
the update most notably added the aura
kingdom's 9th class the brawler wielding
a sharp Qatar's in both hands brawlers
are guaranteed to shred through enemies
at melee range while collecting earth
and sky charges to empower their strong
abilities brawlers also have the ability
to synergize with certain secondary
weapons in order to unlock their most
destructive fumble skills the patch also
added a new 40-man sky tower raid and it
players will be put to the task of
reaching new heights as they battle
their way up at our full of relentless
enemies and bosses sense floors are now
available within the sky tower with more
levels planned for future content
releases fans of the action RPG path of
Exile should be glad to hear that the
action RPG will be receiving its first
mini expansion dubbed sacrifice of the
vol on march fist the update will be the
first of some structural changes p 0 e
we'll be seeing in 2014 it expands the
core game and sets the pace for ongoing
for monthly updates said grinding Gear
games today we're proud to announce both
the name and theme of the update while
teasing some of the scope of how far the
vol corruption has spread through
the expansion focuses on Queen at Zuri
and the vol corruption she has brought
upon rake last players will battle their
way to exile glory by defeating the vol
corruption and harnessing it to their
own advantage much of the world has been
lost to the Queen and it is up to those
on the path to victory to defeat at Zuri
at her own game jejeje says more
information will be teased and released
over the following two weeks with a full
reveal of content on February 28 last
week turbine developers of lord of the
rings online and the upcoming MOBA
Infinite Crisis let a number of
employees go in a new round of layoffs
Warner Brothers turbines parent company
offered the following explanation
stating as part of our normal business
process where routinely looking at the
strategic alignment of our company
unfortunately in order for us to invest
in growth areas at turbine we have to
eliminate some positions these are
always tough decisions which we don't
approach lightly but it's crucial that
turbine is structured in a way that
reflects the current and coming
marketplace the number of employees
fired is still unknown at this time as
is the impact of any on turbines current
development plans and the game of the
week is loadout this high-octane over
the top third person shooter will get
your adrenaline pumping with billions of
weapon combinations which are all sure
to leave a mark with a vast modular
weapon crafting system that makes the
sky the limit for customizing your own
instruments of doom loadout is a weapon
Smith's fantasy within a shooter fans
dream as opposed to designing characters
around classes like most character build
schemes loadout offers the freedom to
define your character by the weapon that
you design as if complete creative
control over your arsenal wasn't custom
enough players are also given a wide
variety of character mods within the
outfitter to mix and match from clothes
and accessories two helmets body hair
tattoos and even a selection of dance
based taunts two twists shuffle tea bag
and twerk your way to victory you can
even play naked if you so desire
gameplay within load el more closely
resembles the fast-paced action of your
more classic PC shooters with both
casual and competitive modes available
for the free-for-all gamer or the
self-proclaimed professional with the
ability to dive and dodge at your
fingertips defense is just as important
of an element
your aim and accuracy although matches
are fast-paced and raw the mechanics are
simple and intuitive making this game
easy to learn but difficult to master so
jump into this chaotic cartoon shooter
from hell and let your gun do the
talking in lodo and that's going to be
all on this week's episode of
free-to-play weekly don't forget to Like
subscribe and leave a comment in the
comment section below now be sure to
head over to MMO Bob com for more food
the action until next time that's me up